New translate: ft_{ps1,raku}.{txt.jax} (#906)
vim-jp/vimdoc-ja-working: en/ft_raku.txt

https://perl6advent.wordpress.com/2012/12/18/day-18-formulas-resistance-is-futile/

While Raku does define ASCII alternatives for some common operators (see
https://docs.raku.org/language/unicode_ascii), using the full range of
Unicode operators is highly desirable. Your operating system provides input
facilities, but using the features built in to Vim may be preferable.

The natural way to produce these symbols in Vim is to use digraph shortcuts
(:help |digraphs-use|). Many of them are defined; type `:digraphs` to get
the list. A convenient way to read the list of digraphs is to save them in a
file. From the shell: >
        vim +'redir >/tmp/vim-digraphs-listing.txt' +digraphs +'redir END' +q

Some of them are available with standard Vim digraphs:
	<< «    /0 ∅    !< ≮  ~
	>> »    Ob ∘    !> ≯  ~
	., …    00 ∞    (C ⊂  ~
	(U ∩    -: ÷    )C ⊃  ~
	)U ∪    (_ ⊆    >= ≥  ~
	?= ≅    )_ ⊇    =< ≤  ~
	(- ∈    ?= ≅    != ≠  ~
	-) ∋    ?- ≃  ~

The Greek alphabet is available with '*' followed by a similar Latin symbol:
	*p π  ~
	*t τ  ~
	*X ×  ~

Numbers, subscripts and superscripts are available with 's' and 'S':
	0s ₀    0S ⁰  ~
	1s ₁    1S ¹  ~
	2s ₂    9S ⁹  ~

> But some don´t come defined by default. Those are digraph definitions you can

Reviewer: これおそらくtypoじゃないかと思います。

```suggestion
But some don't come defined by default. Those are digraph definitions you can
```

Author: ですね、出しておきます。
